Add hardware timestamp in the pcap capture header (#45)
PandABlocks/PandABlocks-server: docs/capture.rst

At the beginning of each experiment the following information is sent:

================= ==============================================================
arm_time          System timestamp when ARM command was sent
start_time        Timestamp of when PCAP became both armed and enabled
hw_time_offset_ns Offset in ns from hardware timestamp to captured system time,
                  only present when hardware time source is used.
missed            Number of samples missed by late data port connection.
process           Data processing option: Scaled, Unscaled, or Raw.
format            Data delivery formatting: ASCII, Base64, Framed, or Unframed.
sample_bytes      Number of bytes in one sample unless ``format`` is ``ASCII``.
fields            Information about each captured field.
================= ==============================================================

> All timestamps are unix time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All timestamps are in `ISO 8601 UTC format <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601>`_, i.e. ``YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssZ``.
```

At the beginning of each experiment the following information is sent:

================= ==============================================================
arm_time          System timestamp when ARM command was sent

> start_time        Timestamp of when PCAP became both armed and enabled
> hw_time_offset_ns Offset in ns from hardware timestamp to captured system time,
>                   only present when hardware time source is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
start_time        Timestamp of when PCAP became both armed and enabled.
                  Uses hardware provided timestamp (e.g. from event receiver) if available, falling back to the system timestamp.
hw_time_offset_ns Offset in ns from hardware timestamp to system time at the start of the experiment.
                  Only present when hardware time source is used.
                  Used to check that hardware and system times have not drifted too far apart.
```
